Updated after 0.62 release.

These are probably not very build friendly at the moment.
I will make them a bit more user friendly in the future.


In order to build these...


You need visual studio 2003. There are no VC6 files or VS2002 files.
 In theory you should be able to create VC2002 files... and in fact
 out of date VC2002 files are generally found with .vcproj.bak 
 extensions. However some of the libraries will not build in VS2002,
 there is a bug in the 2002 compilers imlpementation of mixed mode
 dlls, which stops some of the .NET bridging libraries linking.

You need NASM for FLAC to build. (lifes easier if it's at C:\NASM)
 you'll have to play around with that yourself... it's a real pain !
 Also the vcproj files have hidden settings that don't show up
 in visual studio... you'll have to figure it out (ie edit the vcproj)
 I suggest once you get it to build, leave it built... don't clean
 that project. The clean script it has for some reason tries to
 delete some necessary header files. Don't ask me why !
 Also ignore visual studio hassling you about sourcesafe for flac.

I've been using NASM 0.98.38 which you can find here
 http://sourceforge.net/projects/nasm You want the win32 binaries.

If you do accidentally clean FLAC, you will get a message when you
 try to build that says "ordinals.h" not found. You need to
 go to the libFLAC directory and find the file called ordinals.h.bak
 and *copy* it to the same directory without the .in extension.
 Don't just rename it... you want to keep that file for next time
 this happens !

You need DirectX 9 SDK installed (lifes easier if it's at C:\DXSDK)
 Otherwise all projects prefixed with dsf you'll need to change the
 absolute references to that path. I'll try to do something to make
 this easier in future.
 
If the baseclasses project shows up as not found, you need to find
 it in the DXSDK directory tree, and load it from there.
 By default it tries to build against Multithreaded static runtimes
 You *must* change these to Multi Threaded DLL or Multi Threaded 
 debug DLL. Otherwise all sorts of chaos will occur. This project
 is not part of the package. It is part of the DirectX SDK.

If you try to build the installer project, you need to change the paths
 of the AUTHORS, COPYRIGHTS etc files... i can't make it accept a
 relative path.

Probably other stuff i can't think of. These aren't really ready for
 easy use yet.

